Update documentation (#198)
openkfw/TruBudget: doc/Introduction.md

# Introduction and Basics

## Environment variables

All installation and user guides have one thing in common: They all use environment variables to customize the setup of TruBudget. To get started, you should know about the environment variables, their purpose and how to set them.

> <!-- ### What are environment variables -->

Author: removed

- SWAGGER_BASEPATH (deprecated): This variable was used to choose which environment (prod or test) is used for testing the requests. The variable is deprecated now, as the Swagger documentation can be used for the prod and test environment separately.
- MULTICHAIN_DIR (default: "/root"): The path to the multichain folder where the blockchain data is persisted. For installations via `docker-compose`, this refers to the path within the docker container of the blockchain. For bare metal installations, this refers to the path on the machine the blockchain is running on.
- EXTERNAL_IP: The IP address with which the current node can be reached. Example: If you have a VM running on 52.52.52.52 and you want to start a slave node from this VM to connect to a master running on 53.53.53.53, you set the `EXTERNAL_IP` to 52.52.52.52 on this node.

## Organizations and Nodes in TruBudget

One of the terms used most in TruBudget is _organization_. This section describes what organizations are in the context of TruBudget and how they interact with each other.

> An _organization_ is a stakeholder in the funding process (e.g. Minsistry of X). TruBudget is designed to connect multiple organizations together. Each organization creates their own users. Therefore each user is automatically associated to an organization upon creation and can only login on nodes of this organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An _organization_ is a stakeholder in the funding process (e.g. Ministry of X). TruBudget is designed to connect multiple organizations together. Each organization creates their own users. Each user is associated to exactly one organization and can only login to nodes of that organization.
```

> From a network perspective, an organization can run one or more nodes. Each organization has exactly one wallet that can be used to vote when granting or revoking permissions to other wallet addresses, which is key to preventing a 51%-attack against the network. This means that even if one organization has multiple nodes, it gets only _one_ vote for adding new organizations to the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An organization can run one or more nodes. Each organization has exactly one wallet that can be used to vote when granting or revoking permissions to other wallet addresses, which is key to preventing a 51%-attack against the network. This means that even if one organization has multiple nodes, it gets only _one_ vote for adding new organizations to the network.
```
